if everybody Chris today gonna finally
show my 12-inch hobo Michael Myers from
mezco again a lot of requests to see
this so here you go you can see his eyes
pretty decent figure all around I like
it I'm happy with it
40 bucks can't go wrong I guess he does
look better than the 12-inch Jason and
the 12-inch Freddy and he actually
stands up he doesn't fall over as a plus
as you can see he's wearing a whole
cloth coat which makes this one better
it has his good points and it's bad the
Jason ko is of all cloth but when you
get to his arms its leaves a plastic but
the coldest cloth I don't understand why
and this one here as you can see they're
all coat and sleeves are all cloth so
that's a plus now I like the Jason
disappointed his big-ass simple they put
on them as you can see right there the
thing is really like big look at this
thing I mean I don't know why the neck
and pull this off and put it on my cold
wear it on my jacket for God's sakes so
that's a negative I'm not happy with
that but alright as you can see he's
wearing a hood I like the look now we
take the hood off and we'll get into
something here a lot of people are
asking me why he has the blood on the
side of his face in this particular
figure where he's wearing the hood he's
not supposed to have the blood on in all
honesty I don't know I didn't make the
figure so a lot of people asking me I
guess you have to contact mrs. Cole
about that you know actually me I like
it I think it gives it a little more
detail anyway even though it's not movie
accurate at this point when he had the
coat on he didn't really have the blood
I like it I'll be honest with you just
because a couple of reasons I'll tell
you why
just because like I said it does give it
more detail number one and number two
the coat is removable so if you want to
have him without the coat and have the
opening scene where he's has all the
blood that's probably why they put the
blood there you know like I said you
don't have to have the
so I guess they give it the other choice
to have it with or without so it's the
best of both worlds I guess me
I like the codon and I like the blood
look that's my opinion so that's it a
couple other things here I'll show you
what I like and I don't like it's got a
decent looking night with all blood on
it as you can see here but he has
absolutely no blood on his hands which
is not good because he has all blood on
the inside of his suit as you can see
his boots decent-looking boots and on
the back of him I'll show you yeah it's
all blood on the back of his needs in
the bottom of his pants why I don't know
why he would have blood all in the back
of his knees in the bottom of the back
of him but not in his hands but he's
gotten on the knife so that's what I
don't like but here's the back of him
right here I do like the camouflage look
looks good it's all ripped and tatted
there so no articulation of the legs his
feet do move a little in his arms over
here his wrists completely spin around
and his arms do not move well I don't
know if they move side to side but they
move about like back and forth you know
back the front so there you go h2o and
you can see right here underneath his
mask not a big fan of that plastic being
look but you can kind of see his be it
underneath there shows being sticking
out so there you go I like the option
that they give you see with the Jason
you cannot take off the coat because his
arms like I said a plastic but this one
again is all cloth both outer coat is
too cold so he has an outer and an inner
you know it's cheap material but it
looks good so that's basically about it
tell me what you guys think of them tell
me if you like them telling me if you
don't it's cool for 40 bucks you can't
go wrong if you want a better quality
age to figure where you're gonna spend a
little more money but it is obviously
better than this contact
you know once customs he sells a lot of
h2 - figures with a real hair and real
beard so it's pretty cool you know a
little more money but it's better figure
all
but if you want to spend cheap this is
the way to go to right here so that's
about it all right uh uh tell me what
you think tell me if you like them tell
me if you don't like them that's cool
I'm always open to hearing like I said I
do like the blood look on the side of
the head even though it's not supposed
to be there but then if you take the
coat off completely and just have him in
his jumpsuit underneath and then there's
no blood on his head people people
complaining that there's no blood so
like I said best of both worlds I like
it
so all right everybody have a good
weekend take care and let me know what
you think of this all right